Add import of `ownable` into `stoppable` (#193)
tact-lang/tact: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Update the `dump` function to handle addresses: PR [#175](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/175)
- The implicit empty `init` function is now present by default in the contract if not declared: PR [#167](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/167)

> - `@stdlib/stoppable` now imports `@stdlib/ownable` by itself: PR [#193](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/193)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@stdlib/stoppable` now imports `@stdlib/ownable` so the programmer of does not have to do it separately: PR [#193](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/193)
```

> - `@stdlib/stoppable` now imports `@stdlib/ownable` so the programmer of does not have to do it separately: PR [#193](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/193)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@stdlib/stoppable` now imports `@stdlib/ownable` so the programmer does not have to do it separately: PR [#193](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/193)
```
